Add Lucide basics guide on site (#1521)
lucide-icons/lucide: docs/guide/basics/sizing.md

<script setup>
import { Sandpack } from 'sandpack-vue3'
import sandpackTheme from '../../.vitepress/theme/sandpackTheme.json'
import sizeIconExample from './examples/size-icon-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconCssExample from './examples/size-icon-css-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconFontExample from './examples/size-icon-font-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconTailwind from './examples/size-icon-tailwind-example/files.ts'
</script>

# Sizing

> By default the size of the icons are `24px` . This is adjustable by using passing the `size` prop or change it by using CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the size of all icons is `24px` times `24px`. The size is adjustable using the `size` prop and CSS.
```

> ## Adjusting size with `size` prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adjusting the icon size using the `size` prop
```

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="sizeIconExample"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
  }"
/>

> ## Adjusting size with CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adjusting the icon size via CSS
```

> CSS properties `width` and `height` can be used to adjust icon size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS properties `width` and `height` can be used to adjust the icon size.
```

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="sizeIconCssExample"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
  }"
/>

> ### Resize based on font size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamically change icon size based on font size
```

Author: Don't we need the in front of size and font size?
```diff
- ### Dynamically change icon size based on font size
+ ### Dynamically change the icon size based on the font size
```

> It is possible to resize icons based on font size. This can be accomplished by using the `em` 's to resize based on font size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to resize icons based on font size. This can be accomplished by using the `em`s to resize based on font size.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size#ems

```

Author: Thanks for link, will reference this page!

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="sizeIconFontExample"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
  }"
/>

### Resizing with Tailwind

> `h-*` and `w-*` utlities can be used to adjust the size of the icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`h-*` and `w-*` utilities can be used to adjust the size of the icon.
```

<script setup>
import { Sandpack } from 'sandpack-vue3'
import sandpackTheme from '../../.vitepress/theme/sandpackTheme.json'
import sizeIconExample from './examples/size-icon-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconCssExample from './examples/size-icon-css-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconFontExample from './examples/size-icon-font-example/files.ts'
import sizeIconTailwind from './examples/size-icon-tailwind-example/files.ts'
</script>

# Sizing

> By default, the size of all icons is `24px` times `24px`. The size is adjustable using the `size` prop and CSS.

Reviewer 2: >`24px` times `24px`. 

I think 

>`24px` by `24px`.

Would sound better here

Author: Good one, 
Github tip: You can add suggestions with this little button in the review box.
<img width="32" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-24 at 21 06 44" src="https://github.com/lucide-icons/lucide/assets/11825403/5711443f-e7c1-4e89-9796-86fda0e91f06">

## Adjusting the icon size using the `size` prop

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="sizeIconExample"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
    editorWidthPercentage: 60,
  }"
/>

## Adjusting the icon size via CSS

The CSS properties `width` and `height` can be used to adjust the icon size.

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="sizeIconCssExample"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
  }"
/>

### Dynamically change the icon size based on the font size

> It is possible to resize icons based on font size. This can be accomplished by using the `em`s to resize based on font size. See this [MDN article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size#ems) about ems.

Reviewer 2: >This can be accomplished by using the `em`s to resize based on font size.

I would change that to:

>This can be achieved using the `em` unit. See this MDN article for more information on the `em` unit.
